Add example with Spring Boot 2.7 and React 18 (#45)
oktadeveloper/okta-spring-boot-react-crud-example: README.md

 
This example app shows how to create a Spring Boot API and CRUD (create, read, update, and delete) its data with a React app.

> Please read [Use React and Spring Boot to Build a Simple CRUD App](https://developer.okta.com/2022/06/16/simple-crud-react-and-spring-boot) to see how this app was created.

Author: ```suggestion
Please read [Use React and Spring Boot to Build a Simple CRUD App](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2022/06/17/simple-crud-react-and-spring-boot) to see how this app was created.
```
